Apeswap - Large Balance (#202)
NethermindEth/Forta-Agents: Apeswap-Bots/Large-Balance/README.md

> # GNANA Token Large Balance Agent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# GNANA Token Large Balance Monitoring Bot
```

## Description

> This agent detects accounts with large amount of `GNANA` balance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This bot detects accounts with a large amount of `GNANA` balance.
```

## Supported Chains

- Binance

## Alerts

- APESWAP-4
  - Fired when balance of the destination account of a transfer is more than threshold percentage of the total supply 
  - Severity is always set to "Info" 
  - Type is always set to "Info" 
  - Metadata includes:
    * `account`: The account that is receiving the tokens
    * `balance`: Balance of the account

## Test Data

> The agent behaviour can be verified with the following transactions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bot behaviour can be verified with the following transaction:
```
(The tx hash needs to be changed)

> - 0x834343c567f3e22fb2a746130cc94430380035ba36c2ff52f866c8707f726620

Reviewer 2: tx not found in bsc, check [here](https://bscscan.com/tx/0x834343c567f3e22fb2a746130cc94430380035ba36c2ff52f866c8707f726620)
